NewsFeed returns feed to Controller, and controller saves it.
but, maybe have to use channels or something.
controller here, is not news feed controller. there is a news feed api controller in news feed package.
that controller, analyzes the remaining requests. spreads it out over the whole day, and does other stuff.
the main controller is just the initializer.
now, if the newsApi controller (NAC) returns data back to main controller (MC), that means it has to stop communicating, or the MC has to keep checking for data from NAC.

In the other way, if NAC directly pushes data to a database, it just pushes as soon as data is available.
That is fine, if we think of it as an application, it makes sense somewhat. There is a controller, it calls a news api service, and then it goes to a database.

But, it's actually more than that right. The newsApi controllers, or some other controller, is a service, but that shouldn't know about our database. It doesn't feel right. So, what I actually mean is that it should not know about the whereabouts of the database or anything. It should just know that I have to save it now. Or should it be this way that, the service just knows that I have to fetch this data from this source, and return. The caller can do whatever needed. It can save the data, or print it, or write to log, or send it to some other source/pipe, or maybe an iot device, or save it to s3 as well. right.
Saving to db, and to s3 makes some sort of sense. everything else is rambling.

In the 1st scenario, if there are multiple sources, they return data, and the MC can maybe compress the data, adn then push to s3. Or it can write it to database in bulk.

OK, I am going to follow this way. Main controller will call the newsApi service for data. Then, it will save it to the database by passing the data to a feed service. Conversion logic (for newsApi there is none, as it is structured on that data itself, for further there might be, so there will be different models) would be there in the main controller itself. No, that would mean main controller handles something related to newsApi. That should entirely be in newsApi. So, newsApi will return result in the converted format. But, that would mean that newsApi knows about our feed service data, and is dependent on it. We can write it as a separate function, but it is sure to get mixed somewhere.

To keep it near perfect, there will be a separate converter service, which will know about all other services, and our feed service. It will convert and give back the data.

so, flow is
Main controller gets data from NewsAPI service
Main controller converts NewsApi data to Feed data
Main controller sends FeedData to Feed Service

It's not a layered architecture. It's more like a micro service like architecture. Since, it's smaller and not actually a micro service, we can't say that it is.
It looks like a module based, or component based architecture. Separate components handling one portion of the application. Kinda functional style as well. Because, every component has an input and an output. Looks well segregated.

news api service would need to access the db. It needs to be dependency injected. We can have a separate vertical for db, s3 etc. Or we can follow functional style and pass from main. So, main will anyway have to initialize everything right db, s3 etc. So, it can pass it down to required services in a dependency injected style.

Now, newsApi might also need initialization parameters. Or, let's say we were using some Amazon Service. That needs initialization. Who initializes? Does main initialize everything and pass down? Or, should the amazon service itself have something for this?
Another thought, is db different from some service like let's say aws things like s3, cloudwatch, sns etc. It's not, right? everything is external to the service. So, they should have an interface to our application right. Even though, it means more code, that's how it should be done.
This is so that, if something external changes, we can easily handle that change.

Now, let's say that we have mysql db and we have an interface for it call Datasource.
We want to change it to postgre sql, so, it's easy right. We have our interface, we just go to the interface (I think it should be called adapter), and change the mysql specific code there, and change it with postgre sql code. As long as the interface/adapter itself remains same, everything is perfect.
But, what if we change it with OrientDB. Won't the interface change significantly? Or let's say neo4j, or some other graph db. Instead of select, match would be more desirable.

So, either we have to build a very generic interface, or something which matches everything possible today or in the future. Or we have to take a little bit of stand there.
We can think that main db would not change much right. But, there are so many refactorings nowadays right. Somebody wants to change from sql to graph, or nosql to sql, or graph to sql. Somebody wants to change from vue to react. Or drupal to laravel. So, change is inevitable if it is a long enough project.
So, we can decide on the type of thing to use there (so no specific software dependency) like say sql, and compromise that we have made a ok choice for now, later if some change is required, we know where to change, and it will take some work.
Or, we can build a highly effecient interface. We can actually keep bettering the interface, when such a change is required to accommodate both. but, if it is really that independent layer, we are going to the route of an ORM,and that may not have anything to do with our application, and a separate project in itself.

Second, let's say we are using both Mysql and mongodb. In this case, it would be surely that both will be for a specific type of data. Mysql might be the main database, while mongodb is used for just some specific cases. We can name them accordingly, and have an interface for both. Let's say we want to changeg mongo to mysql as well. We should not point all calls to main datasource, because that's the main datasource. For mongo related calls, the functionality still is same, that is still a side source, only underlying implementation has changed. There might be some things required to change, but it should be done entirely on the side source interface.
So, even if there is some code duplication, we should rewrite the side source interface.

So, the next question is should we consider newsApi to be external and pass it to the newsApi service, or let it itself initialize and do whatever required with it. Granted it's an external, but the entire service is mainly for it. We pass/inject externals so that if stuff changes, what we pass changes and nothing else. But, in this case. If newsAPI changes, the entire module is not required anymore. It's just poof.

If we integrate some more sources later, we might find common things, and then take a better decision. For now, this only looks fine. So, let newsApi itself initialize whatever required. The entire service is like an interface to newsApi for the mainController.

Last thought, external stuff like libraries imported from github are also external, and thus they should be interfaced. If it was nodejs, stuff like lodash or moment are doing too much, and creating an interface for them would be difficult and kinda not required.
Some libraries would be required in a lot of places, and some have a lot of functionality to abstract. Or some are very specific at what they do.
But, as I think of examples, I am also thinking that we can abstract out the functionality. lodash I can't think of anything. But, log, glog as loggger, moment as timeUtil so that time management is same across entire app is cool.

So, we will try to interface as much external libraries as possible, but some we will just have to accept as tight dependency.

## Thoughts on converter

It might not be required to separate it to a different module. The separate module will be mixed with every single source service. Doing too many things. We can actually write it as a separate function in the newsApi service itself. Only one concern, it should always be a separate function used in the end. We can directly use it as soon as we contact the API, but that might lead to confusions, as newsAPI itself has some models. Also, it might be harder to change. Can't justify right now, just a feeling. But, if we keep it in the end while returning, there's just one function. Maybe, if we put it in between, it might be multiple functions where the change would be required. Let's experiment.

On second thoughts, having a separate module looks more flexible. will experiment with that, and then see later wehter to change or not.


# Conclusion:

- Component based design
- Main controller is the main controller.
- NewsAPI service (and other specific source services) call their respective apis (fetch) and return to maincontroller.
- Main controller converts the data into our required models (normalize)
- Main controller sends this data to feedService which persists the data.

- Interface anything external as much as possible. Like db, logger etc.
- Standardize stuff across app, like time management. Basically, keep it in one place.
